Boss, my hand is broken and flying.
How can you just hit people?
Are you teasing me?
He molested the girl first
I'm just teaching him how to respect women
Well, I guess it was my fault.
But
Here are the sea oath rules, I'll decide
Come on your knees here, give me three kowtows and I'll let it go
Otherwise, you enter vertically
I told you to go out sideways.
Follow Longyanchi and he will teach you these presumptuous
The name of the dragon and phoenix dragon is also something you can protect
I think you really don't know how to live or die
My brother is studying under the Warring States God Weapon Phoenix Palace
Get the power of ten generals in the future
When the dragon is exhausted
The world is monstrous
The enemy country is in the sea city. He said that no one dares to say two.
Squeezing you to death is like pinching an ant to death.
Do you believe it or not?
Even if Longyanchi is standing here now
He wouldn't touch me.
Trend Ha
I see you really want to die, hahaha.
Get to my barbecue stand in three minutes
If you can't get there, go southwest
Don't do it.
The teacher will limit us to 3 minutes, and we will arrive at the fast train.
Hahahaha, what does my brother want from you?
It's hard for me as a brother-in-law to want to meet him
What's your background, you stinky woman?
Dare to take his place
I see you don't want to live anymore
Stop